Update serial communication and clean up duplicated & outdated info (#1326)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/program-setup/serial/serial_communication.md

- To list all options, run `mbed sterm -h`:

```
usage: mbed sterm [-h] [-m TARGET] [-p PORT] [-b BAUDRATE] [-e ECHO] [-r] [-v] [-vv]

Open serial terminal to connected target (usually board), or connect to a user-specified COM port

optional arguments:
-h, --help            show this help message and exit
-m TARGET, --target TARGET
                        Compile target MCU. Example: K64F, NUCLEO_F401RE,
                        NRF51822...
-p PORT, --port PORT  Communication port. Default: auto-detect. Specifying
                        this will also ignore the -m/--target option above.
-b BAUDRATE, --baudrate BAUDRATE
                        Communication baudrate. Default: 9600
-e ECHO, --echo ECHO  Switch local echo on/off. Default: on
-r, --reset           Reset the targets (via SendBreak) before opening
                        terminal.
-v, --verbose         Verbose diagnostic output
-vv, --very_verbose   Very verbose diagnostic output
```

## Auto-opening a serial terminal after compilation

To compile, flash and open a serial terminal in one command line:

```
mbed compile -t <TOOLCHAIN> -m <TARGET> --flash --sterm
```

## Additional examples - reading user inputs

> In addition to printing messages, Mbed OS applications can also read keyboard inputs from the user. This is achievable with the [BufferedSerial](../apis/bufferedserial.html) and [UnbufferedSerial](../apis/unbufferedserial.html) classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to printing messages, Mbed OS applications can also read keyboard inputs from the user using the [BufferedSerial](../apis/bufferedserial.html) and [UnbufferedSerial](../apis/unbufferedserial.html) classes.
```

This allows you to:

- Print out messages to a PC terminal (useful for debugging).
- Read input from a PC keyboard.
- Communicate with applications running on a PC to exchange data.

## Hello World - printing messages

This program prints a "Hello World!" message that you can view on a serial terminal. Mbed OS redirects any `printf()` statements to the board's debug USB serial.

[![View code](https://www.mbed.com/embed/?url=https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-snippet-Serial_STDOUT/tree/v6.0)](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-snippet-Serial_STDOUT/blob/v6.0/main.cpp)

## Viewing output in a serial terminal

Serial terminals run on your host PC. They provide an interface where your Mbed board can print and where you can type characters back to your board.

Mbed CLI provides a serial terminal that is configured with a default baud rate of `9600`. When a single board is connected, run:

```

> mbed sterm

Reviewer 2: The most common usage is auto-opening a serial terminal after compilation so I would put that section first and describe the sterm command subsequently.

Author: Good point, I just reordered and rephrased to introduce auto-opening after compilation first.

```

(If you have multiple boards connected, please refer to [Additional options of mbed sterm](#additional-options-of-mbed-sterm).)

`mbed sterm` starts message printing.

Restart the application using the board's reset button, or by entering <kbd>Ctrl + B</kbd> in the serial terminal.
The example prints "Hello World!" to the terminal after the reset.

To close the serial terminal, enter <kbd>Ctrl + C</kbd>.

## Additional options of mbed sterm

- If you have multiple boards connected:

>     1. Run `mbedls` to find the port of the board you want to use.

Reviewer 2: It's probably worth linking to https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-tools/blob/master/packages/mbed-ls/README.md

Author: I cannot find any page for `mbedls` on Mbed OS's documentation site. The info in the link seems outdated as it says "Development moved", and the steps to install this command don't apply anymore since `mbedls` is now included in Mbed CLI suite.

- To list all options, run `mbed sterm -h`:

    ```
    usage: mbed sterm [-h] [-m TARGET] [-p PORT] [-b BAUDRATE] [-e ECHO] [-r] [-v] [-vv]

    Open serial terminal to connected target (usually board), or connect to a user-specified COM port

    optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    -m TARGET, --target TARGET
                            Compile target MCU. Example: K64F, NUCLEO_F401RE,
                            NRF51822...
    -p PORT, --port PORT  Communication port. Default: auto-detect. Specifying
                            this will also ignore the -m/--target option above.
    -b BAUDRATE, --baudrate BAUDRATE
                            Communication baudrate. Default: 9600
    -e ECHO, --echo ECHO  Switch local echo on/off. Default: on
    -r, --reset           Reset the targets (via SendBreak) before opening
                            terminal.
    -v, --verbose         Verbose diagnostic output
    -vv, --very_verbose   Very verbose diagnostic output
    ```

## Auto-opening a serial terminal after compilation

To compile, flash and open a serial terminal in one command line:

```

> mbed compile -t <TOOLCHAIN> -m <TARGET> --flash --sterm

Reviewer 2: You could also show usage of `-m detect`

Author: It's a nice tip. But `-m detect` seems like an undocumented feature (not shown in `mbed compile --help`), so I'm not sure if we should suggest it.

To close the serial terminal, enter <kbd>Ctrl + C</kbd>.

<div style="background-color:#F3F3F3; text-align:left; vertical-align: middle; padding:15px 30px;">  <b>Note:</b>
<br/>- If your application uses a baud rate other than 9600, specify it with `-b <BAUDRATE>` in the command above.
<br/>- This method only works for a single board. To work with multiple boards, open a serial terminal manually as described below.</div>

### Manually opening a serial terminal

You can open a serial terminal manually, which is useful when the board is already flashed with the desired application (i.e. one built with the [online compiler](../quick-start/build-with-the-online-compiler.html)).

When a single board is connected, run:

```
mbed sterm
```

`mbed sterm` starts message printing.

To close the serial terminal, enter <kbd>Ctrl + C</kbd>.

<div style="background-color:#F3F3F3; text-align:left; vertical-align: middle; padding:15px 30px;">  <b>Note:</b>
<br/>If your application uses a baud rate other than 9600, specify it with `-b <BAUDRATE>` when opening the serial terminal.
<br/>If you have multiple boards connected:

> 1. Run `mbedls` to find the port of the board you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br/>1. Run `mbedls` to find the port of the board you want to use.
```

> 1. Run `mbed sterm -p <PORT>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br/>2. Run `mbed sterm -p <PORT>`.
```

Reviewer: (Once it's in a DIV it's HTML, not Markdown, so it doesn't auto-number)

> 1. Run `mbed sterm -p <PORT>`.

Author: Between `<div>` and `</div>` formatting doesn't seem to work - `<BAUDRATE>` isn't shown, for example.

Serial terminals run on your host PC. They provide an interface where your Mbed board can print and where you can type characters back to your board.

Mbed CLI provides a serial terminal that is configured with a default baud rate of `9600`. You can either set it to [open after compilation](#opening-a-serial-terminal-after-compilation), or open it [manually](#manually-opening-a-serial-terminal).

### Opening a serial terminal after compilation

> To compile an application, flash it onto a board and open a serial terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use one command to compile an application, flash it onto a board and open a serial terminal:
```

```
mbed compile -t <TOOLCHAIN> -m <TARGET> --flash --sterm
```

> This starts message printing (`Hello World!` in the example) once the application is flashed onto the board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the board is flashed, it starts printing to the terminal (`Hello World!`, in this example).
```

To close the serial terminal, enter <kbd>Ctrl + C</kbd>.

> <span class="notes">**Notes:**

Reviewer: Note spans don't work for multiple lines, so I'll change this

> <span class="notes">**Notes:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div style="background-color:#F3F3F3; text-align:left; vertical-align: middle; padding:15px 30px;">  <b>Note:</b> </div>

```

> - If your application uses a baud rate other than 9600, specify it with `-b <BAUDRATE>` in the command above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br/>- If your application uses a baud rate other than 9600, specify it with `-b <BAUDRATE>` in the command above.
```

> - This method only works if _one_ board of the TARGET you specify is connected. To work with multiple boards, open a serial terminal manually as described below.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br/>- This method only works for a single board. To work with multiple boards, open a serial terminal manually as described below.</div>
```

Reviewer: I removed the bit about the target because it implied you could make this work for multiple boards of different targets, and we don't explain that.

Reviewer: As a user this will annoy me. You send me to "Manually opening a serial terminal" which then sends me to "Additional options" which explains how to connect multiple boards. Is there a way we can make this smoother? Since the two things explained in "Additional options" are how to use multiple boards and how to specify a baud rate (which you explained above), I think we can maybe we can do away with that bit. The `--help` bit can then have its own title or just be mentioned as a tip (we don't have to show output for `--help`).

Author: I agree we drop the "Additional options" section and replace it with a tip which is more compact.

`mbed sterm` starts message printing.

Restart the application using the board's reset button, or by entering <kbd>Ctrl + B</kbd> in the serial terminal.

> The example prints "Hello World!" to the terminal after the reset.

Author: I've removed this because now we introduce `mbed compile --flash` method first, which doesn't require a reset to see "Hello World!" in our example.
